From this day forward, I'm holding 30% of the company's shares making me the largest shareholder, and I am the major shareholder, giving me majority control over the company.
Actually, the largest shareholder is me, 45%.
What? How can that even be possible?
This here is grandmother's secret whip.
After being married for two years, I'm now eligible for 20% of her nominal shares, plus the 25% I already own with my wife, Kat.
20 plus 25 equals 45, right?
I mean, I surely couldn't have done such a simple math problem.
I don't believe you let me see that.
Ma'am, he's absolutely right.
You've been trying to control me my entire life.
Mother, you dress it up as family, but let's be real. You don't value me.
To me, to you, all I've ever been is a normal.
A calculation of how much my shares are worth.
That is not true. I loved you as a son.
No, you didn't. I grew up watching you and father tear each other apart from control or power or money.
Catherine, the neighbor's girl, a mute girl who was younger than me, looked after me more than you ever.
Eric, stop this nonsense.
No, I won't because it's true. Mother, you only started pretending to love me when you realized that neither father nor grandmother would give you a cent.
But that wanted me to be their heir.
And then you did your best to manipulate Catherine, didn't you? But you think.
Soon you grabbed onto her wife. You see, you would do anything to take control of this company you were known.
You've known about this all along, right? And you wanted to play me for a fool? You are a despicable young man, just like your father.
You're right.
You don't deserve this company. You don't deserve the money. I do.